net: lib: Pull out and generalize Azure MQTT library (#9884)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/mqtt_helper.rst

.. _lib_mqtt_helper:

MQTT helper
###########

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> Convenience library that simplifies Zephyr MQTT API and socket handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library simplifies Zephyr MQTT API and socket handling.
```
